Hey! This README is for those looking to work on the code. For actual plugin
documentation, you'll want to look at the website, which currently exists in a
semi-temporary state at https://mikes.software.sst - or or ask for help in a
relevant speedrunning community.

NOTE: Please read and understand LICENCE before redistributing this software!

== Compiling ==

Windows:
 - Install the Windows 10 SDK via the Visual Studio Installer.
 - Install native Clang from https://clang.llvm.org (NOT MinGW/MSYS2 Clang!).
 - Run compile.bat (in lieu of a better build tool, to be figured out later).

Linux:
 - Install Clang (and LLD) via your system package manager. Technically, GCC
   might be able to compile this too, but Clang is heavily preferred in the name
   of consistency and using GCC will require a decent amount of fiddling. It's
   also not tested and might break and I probably won't care that much.
 - Install 32-bit C libraries and the C library headers if they're not already
   installed.
 - Run ./compile (in lieu of a better build tool, to be figured out later).

* NOTE: Linux builds currently produce a binary that most definitely does not
  work, along with a whole host of warnings; there's a bunch of code that needs
  to be written. See also TODO/linux.

== How and where to install ==

Very old Source builds load plugins from the top-level bin/ folder, while
relatively modern builds load them from the mod-specific directory, e.g.
left4dead2/, hl2/. Since this plugin is designed to be universal, the
recommended practice is to put it in bin/ regardless and then use the command
`plugin_load ../bin/sst`. The way the paths work out, that ends up always
working no matter what, and allows the plugin to be shared between different
mods in the same engine installation where relevant. It's also possible to just
back out of the game installation with ../ and load from whatever directory you
want, as long as it's not on a different Windows drive letter. In that case, the
plugin can be shared between multiple games. That said, it's a little more
annoying to do and a little less self contained.

IMPORTANT: If your game supports multiplayer, always launch with -insecure as a
launch option before loading this plugin! Newer Source builds shouldn't let you
connect to a server with plugins loaded or even let you load plugins without
insecure mode at all, but older ones do, at which point you might still get VAC
banned. ALWAYS launch with -insecure or load the plugin AT YOUR OWN RISK OF
BEING BANNED!

Note: some very old (and very new) Source builds don't have a plugin_load
command. It may be possible (although questionably necessary) to support these
games with an injector to forcibly load the library into the game. For the time
being, however, these versions are unsupported.
